The quickest way is to find and clone the
template we just created and then edit it.
In this clone, we only need
to change a few things.
Let’s start with the top text and
change it to }.
And then the bottom text to }.
It’s also good to replace the mockup with the cold
version to see what we’re supposed to achieve.
In this version, we’re starting with
a black background and a white logo.
And then a white slider drops in.
And that’s it.
We don’t even have the glow-variant
of the shoe to deal with here.
So let’s make those adjustments.
First, we need our black background, and it
needs to be on stage from 0 to 5 seconds.
Then instead of our black logo, we need the white
logo, again for the total 5-second duration.
We don’t need the glowing shoe at all.
And instead of our black slider,
we need the white one.
It needs to be on stage for 5 seconds and
get a 1-second intro slide animation from
the top and a 1-second outro
slide animation to the bottom.
Once more, we need to make sure that
the shoe is in the correct layer order.
And we can see that we cannot see our text.
Why?
Because it has the wrong color.
The text should be black.
Let’s address that.
Also for the bottom text.
And finally, don’t forget to pick
the audio file for this version.
Let’s take a final look.
Great, that’s it for the cold version.
We can now rename and then save it.
And now, one more time. Let’s clone the
template we just created and then edit it.
First, we’ll import the mockup
video for the rain version.
This version has a white background and a
grey logo, and then a gray layer slides in.
We’re going to disable the black background.
We need a gray logo for 5 seconds.
Then disable the white logo.
The white slider also needs to go.
And the gray slider should be unhidden and
on stage for 5 seconds with a 1-second intro
slide animation from the top and a 1-second
outro slide animation to the bottom.
Finally, the top text needs to be white again.
Our bottom text too.
And we need to change the texts to
} and }.
Let’s take a final look.
White background and gray
logo, gray slider drops in.
The text matches the rain topic.
And at the end, the gray logo appears again.
Now, one last time, let’s change
the audio for the template.
Let’s rename and save it, and we’re finally
done with all three template versions.
As you can see, most of the time is spent
on getting an overview of the assets,
the task at hand, and then
getting the first template right.
But after that, you can clone it
and only need a few adjustments.
If you now have your 3 template versions ready to
go, you can continue to the next and final step:
We’re going to build our campaign.